= placebo

Placebo is a gem for interacting with the CapsuleCRM API. (http://capsulecrm.com/help/page/javelin_api_party)

== README-driven development

  parties = Placebo::Party.search('search terms', :start => 100, :limit => 50)

  party = Placebo::Party.find(EXAMPLE_ORG_ID)
  party.firstName = 'Tom'
  party.lastName = 'Johnson'
  party.save

  person = Placebo::Party::Person.new
  person.first_name = 'Frank'
  person.last_name = 'Beans'
  person.contacts # => []

  address = Placebo::Address.new({
    :type => 'Office',
    :street => '555 123 Test Drive'
  })

  person.contacts << address

  email = Placebo::Email.new({
    :type => 'Work',
    :emailAddress => 'Testing'
  })

  person.save

== Gotchas

* Make sure and use Capsule's lowerCaseFirstCamelCased attribute instead of underscored or CamelCased attributes.

== TODO

* Parties become their appropriate child classes
* Subresources are actual classes and have proper associations.

== Contributing to placebo

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Adrian Pike. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

